The goal of this meeting is to reach a decision at the end on the concept. and I think the last time we talked about an a lot and we had a rough idea of what is going to be,. we will have again three presentation, from all of you,. and I hope it will be fast because I would like to have time to for long discussion and and decisions.
Okay. so basically I just want to presented to you present to you some recent results we've had from looking at some remote control market research and some fashion trends around the world. so from our market research basically we've come to the conclusion that a fancy look and feel, as opposed to a functional look and feel, is our number one priority. Secondly that our remote control needs to be techn technologically innovative. and third thirdly the easiness of use is is the is is important as well,. From our fashion people in Paris and Milan, we've discovered that this year fruit the fruit and vegetable motif will be the most important thing in in clothes, shoes and furniture. And also the feel of material this year is expected to be spongy.
I think the biggest struggle will be the easy to use feature.
Okay. So I am going to talk about a little bit about how this remote control should be appear to be more easy to use. generally, generally this remote control should be should be something, in my opinion, the first feature is just to be easy to use. So, the more frequent buttons should be larger,. they should be placed in a good position inside the remote control. And I can conclude like this, that we shouldn't need to learn how to use it. the shape of remote control should be in a way which can which should be taken easily in hand. And also m because because customers doesn't like to buy lots of battery, it should not consume lots of energy. so we can cover these buttons which are not used or number buttons for the for the for the can channels,. And also I think if we put some some some some some buttons inside of the remote control it can be used easier. And I dunno but I think usage of a speech recogn recogniser can be good. but if we do it in some way that it asleeps when there is no sound and when it detects some sound it may consume less energy.
That our company developed a a seven seven fingers. seven seven inch TFT screen,. which is good news for us, since we wanted to include a display there. So there will be some circuit for the power. the main energy will be taken from batteries. And if we decide to use the speech recognition stuff there, we must use additional source of energy,. which I found the best is to use the solar cells which can which can supply everything. the main board with all the circuits will take at least seven to seven centimetres,. And on the main board we have the interface to the microphone, which is somewhere,
Can you fit any for example a TFT or any electronic device in a spongy thing, or is there any problem for that?
A all these things in in in this box are okay to put in in any shape, basically. Well, sponginess. Maybe it a good feature, since it takes if it's around the TFT then it's good, because it's just keeps it safe,
Well maybe it can have two shells, a hard shell inside and a spongy shell outside.
Maybe put electronic in a box and a spongy thing around.
How big is it in reality? have we decided that we're gonna use this TFT screen?
Usually when they say seven inch I think it's the diagonal.
But I I think we can we can cut it. So so for the same price we have four screens now. Seven to seven to at least well some three millimetres or something.
Even from my perspective seven seven centimetres by seven centimetres is still
Yeah, but we wanted the big buttons and stuff like that, you know. I thought that it it should fit in the hand or something.
So I think we have to do some work to finalise our idea and take decisions. first I think energy it's a key problem
If we use the batteries, and the additional so solar cell, then it's okay for speech recognition and LCD,. so no problem in energy, I think.
So if we use solar cells, where is the sun if someone's watching TV inside?
I think seven centimetre by seven centimetre is a little bit large.
Could you re could you redesign your board?
I've I I think the easiest thing would be to to have a smaller LCD, if it's possible.
Okay, so five to ten, I I think it's it's feasible.
So using some L_C_D_s we can touch, so we can remove keys and just having, I dunno the name, LCD responding to fingers.
So let's go for a small LCD. My first idea is because our colour is more yellow, and the it should be easy to take in a hand, I thought about banana, or something like that, which is fruits, and
Well it's it's definitely the obvious choice, with the colour of our company.
I dunno if it can fit with the technology. The screen has to be square?
But if you want some shape then we can only get like two screens out of seven to seven inches, so. It's like more more expensive to have shape like that.
I think that's more important than saving a bit of money on on the TFT screen.
So we are agree with the banana thing? So, the last point we decided it's infra-red, I guess.
Yeah, peeling of the banana.
Should should discover the other buttons, which are hidden.
Is it is it possible to do that?
I think if we if we have a spongy layer on the outside of the banana then it's easy to make that,
If you see it's like peeling. You open a plastic cover and you see some USB interfaces, some some interfaces for adaptor. it can be a plastic cover sticking to the to the all the stuff like with magnetic magnetic magnetic materials in the border, so it's it sticks like refrigerator door, completely.
And what would be the matter here of the first layer I mean? Likes. Soft plastic, or. So we add also the speech recognition device. so the the Industrial Manager will will work on the look and feel design. The User Interface Mana Manager will work on the user interface device. And the the Marketing Expert will do the first project evaluation. I think you should work together, you Hamed and Peter, to work in a in a first prototype,